Forty-one...
Last night.
another murder in Little Sicily.
Police officials
and citizens alike are reacting
to the rise of brazen crime
in the Little Sicily neighborhood.
Oh. man.
it's fucking horrible out here!
When everybody was afraid
to rob and steal. things were cool.
But now? It's chaos.
You can't even step outside.
You can say what you want
about the Gnuccis
but at least they kept it peaceful.
Police enrollment and morale
have been gutted in past weeks.
with many in the department citing
the recent death of Bobby Gnucci...
Maryanne. Don't do that!
- Hey. Johnny!
- Hey!
Don't do that. huh?
Oh. This way. Cammo.
Ah! Well. a little Italian. huh?
Oh. this will do.
♪ Mussolini fettuccini scallopini ♪
Ah!
No more Cadillacs out here. huh. boy?
No more big shots. no muckety-mucks.
All those Gnucci gorillas are gone.
Oh! Mmm!
You gonna eat today. Cammo.
Oh. yes. you are!
Okay. okay.
Ding-dong! Whoo!
Oh. shit!
- Hey!
- Who's a good boy?
Put my dog down!
- Yes. you are. Yes. you are.
- Hey! Hey!
Hey. you! Put my dog down!
- Put him down! Cammo!
- Yes. you are.
Yes. you are. you're a good little dog.
- Put him down!
- Yes. you are.
Leave my dog alone!
Goodbye!
Goodbye. old man!
Don't get too ahead of me. okay?
Hey. come on.
I got you.
It's okay. it's okay.
They were just playin'. Right?
We gotta watch out
for these crazy boys. huh?
You gotta watch out for them. see?
Mama says you...
I realize that it is my choice
and my choice alone
to be a Reconnaissance Marine.
I accept all challenges
involved with this profession.
Forever shall I strive
to maintain the tremendous reputation
of those who went before me.
Exceeding beyond limitations.
- set down by others...
- shall be my goal.
- Shall be my goal.
- Sacrificing personal comforts.
Dedicating myself to the completion
of the reconnaissance mission
shall be my life.
Physical fitness.
mental attitude. high ethics.
- The title "Recon Marine"...
- The title "Recon Marine"
- is my honor.
- Is my honor.
All done. Nothing left to do.
Poor Frank.
I shall never quit.
To quit. to surrender...
is to fail.
To quit. huh? To surrender?
To give up is to fail?
- Then quit! That's all you've got?
- You're better than me?
Fuckin' better than me?
I thought you were the best of us!
You can't hear him?
- Frank!
- What about us?
Talk to me.
Tell me what's goin' on.
Whatever you need from me.
I am right here.
I think I need some help.
Okay. Curt.
Okay.
Isaiah. don't dribble the ball
in the hallway.
- Come on. baby.
- That's him.
Guess he does
come out after all.
Get off of me! Stop it!
Yo. good morning.
Get out of here. Leave me alone.
Yo. Debbie! Wait up.
Charli. You're making my heart.
not breakin' it. right?
Aight. good girl. Good girl.
Make sure it's gluten free. right?
Here you go. Have a good one.
- I want that. I want that.
- Hey. Dennis. Coffee time already?
All right. Don't cut the line.
Just wait right there.
...still spinning
from the deaths
of the notorious Gnucci crime family.
Violence and tension
fill the streets of Little Sicily
as a power vacuum has left
the neighborhood vulnerable.
- Filthy! Filthy!
- Dennis! Go over there.
Stop cuttin' the line.
You're scaring customers.
Reports link
former veteran turned vigilante
Frank Castle. AKA The Punisher.
as the main culprit behind these murders
after it was alleged that the Gnuccis were
one of the last criminal organizations
linked to his family's death.
Frank Castle's whereabouts remain unknown.
I know you're in there.
Actin' like that. you know?
- Thank you very much.
- Real customers.
Porcupine man.
Okay. here you go.
Thank you for coming.
- They're comin'...
- Okay. It's okay. Come on.
Look at me. Look at me.
All right. Take care.
Go wait over there. please.
- Get him outta here.
- Get Charli to school.
I'll take care of him.
Get Charli to school. please. Thank you.
- Okay. baby. Let's get your stuff.
- They're coming!
Okay. that's it! Enough. Outside.
It's okay. Charli. all right?
Daddy's just playin'.
It's okay.
You have a good day at school.
He don't need coffee.
he needs medication.
Debbie. where's my blue pen?
Why is it not in the basket?
'Cause it's
behind your ear. Andre.
Yeah. nah. don't worry about it.
It's on me.
Sorry about the whole commotion.
Have a good one.
How can I help you?
God! They're gonna kill 'em!
They're inside the walls!
They're coming to get us!
They're coming to get us! They're gonna...
They're coming to get us.
They're inside the walls!
Yo. dude.
Yo. grandpa! Get him!
- Come on. get this motherfucker!
- Ding-dong!
Goodbye. old man!
No. you fuckin' failed me!
You fuckin' bitch!
Yo. why you always walking
around. son? Yo. get outta here!
Get the fuck outta here.
Get outta here.
Walk. Keep walkin'.
- I need a medic!
- Get the hell out of my store.
You don't steal from me.
No!
Ground teams. this is bird two-alpha.
Get that fucking gun up!
Cooper's hit! I need a medic!
Viper seven.
this is bird two-alpha.
Pinned down! We're pinned down!
Hey. baby.
Did our best.
You here. baby girl?
You're just...
You're so far away from me.
Baby. when you were little...
you couldn't sleep.
I'd tickle your arm for you.
three strokes. baby. you were out.
That was it.
I told you I'd never quit.
I told you I'd never give up on you.
Baby...
Baby. I...
I don't know what to do.
There is nothing left to do.
I'm fucking tired.
I'm tired.
I'm sorry. baby.
Psst. Dad.
Please come up. Dad. please.
Come up. upstairs.
Hey. Dad! Watch this!
Dad! Did you see that?
Read me this book.
Dad. this book.
Please. Dad.
I'm tired. baby.
Come on. Dad. Please.
- Dad.
- I'm tired.
Dad! You didn't see it?
Hey. I love you.
Hello. honey.
Hello.
Daddy?
Dad. what's happening?
Dad!
Daddy!
You don't wanna be here anyway.
so just go!
Congratulations. You have what you want.
Dad. make it stop!
You okay. Daddy?
Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. Hey.
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. I'm...
Wait.
No. No. no. no!
No. no. no! No!
Baby. come back!
You come back!
I'm so sorry.
You think God's gonna forgive us
for the things we've done. Frank?
I'm not sure about me. But you?
I know you ain't got a fuckin' chance.
What. you can't smile? Shit was funny.
Oh. I see. you on your sad sack bullshit.
All done.
Nothing left to do.
Poor Frank.
What's your purpose now. Marine?
Frank Castle.
Sorry if I startled you.
Old woman.
knows your name. where you live.
Frank?
I need your help. Frank.
You see...
my family was taken.
Just...
He's a cute kid.
Too bad he has to grow up in such filth.
Can I... Can I tell you a small story?
My entire family. Frank!
Same as you.
Loneliness...
Right. Frank?
It's like a hunger.
A dreadful...
nasty. ever-present hunger
you just can't shake.
But...
for you and me. Frank...
that's all we got.
It was Benny. my husband. he was first.
Who's better than me?
Given his line of work.
I was surprised it didn't happen sooner.
He came home at night
smelling of some slut's cheap perfume.
some pathetic shade
of shit lipstick smeared on his collar.
Bobby.
My oldest. He was next.
He was a great policeman.
He solved many capers
that others just never could.
He was butchered.
And then there was Eddie.
Eddie... he lit up every room
that he ever walked into.
He created a family of his own.
It's a real joy...
to watch your children bear fruit.
And then there was my prince.
My beautiful Carlo.
Whatever the rumors said.
I knew he never touched
a single one of those kids.
He didn't get his hands dirty
like the others.
He was the thinker.
His mind was his weapon.
"It's okay. Ma." He said to me.
But I knew my sweet prince was wrong.
It was not okay.
It would never be okay again.
6:47...
A time that will be seared
into my heart forever.
You were like a hungry.
avarice animal.
You took everything...
I had.
Look at me. Look at me.
- It's gonna be okay.
- No. no. no.
No. no. no. No. no!
In his last moments. he only wanted
to make sure that I was okay.
- That I wasn't afraid.
- It's okay.
"I love you. Ma." he said to me.
But...
you forgot about one thing.
You forgot about me. didn't you?
A small bounty on your head
was all it took.
Every madman. crook. and killer
in this neighborhood
all worked for us. Frank.
And now. they're desperate.
At 6:47 p.m..
this location will be shared.
They will come and they will kill you.
And they will kill anything
that gets in their way.
You made your bed.
Now rot in it.
And when that final moment comes.
know it was the Gnuccis who did it.
You didn't finish anything. Frank.
I'm the one who's doing the punishing now.
Come on. Barry.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
I'm gonna watch you die. Frank.
You scared. Frank?
You're not a victim. You chose it.
Come home from deployment.
out the door the next day. huh?
Just couldn't wait to get back out there.
You chose it. You chose it over them.
- That's bullshit. I didn't...
- Frank. that was never your plan. Father?
Daddy? Husband?
That was a costume. You couldn't wait
to get back where it made sense.
You failed them. You failed them.
You fucking failed them.
I know all the things I've said.
It's all to help you. brother.
Where are you?
- You're a failure!
- I failed them! I failed.
You failed your family.
and now you're failing this city. Coward!
I shall never quit.
Are...
Are you... Are you here?
Karen. are you here? Are you...
Are you with me?
Yeah. Frank.
Yeah.
- Yeah. yeah. I'm here. I'm here.
- Hey.
It's okay. It's good.
I'm always here.
but there's still more for you to do.
- Frank?
- Yeah.
What time is it?
Ah-ha! Over here! Over here!
Come out. Frank!
Oh. yeah.
Come on!
I hear you. Frank!
Let's go. Frank! Where are you?
Come on! Let's go. Where are you?
Come out!
Frank! Where you at?
Get out of here!
It's your lucky day!
Frank Castle!
Come on. Frank!
Who are you looking for?
Mama!
He's not here.
Isaiah!
Isaiah. run! Please leave us alone!
- Mommy!
- Isaiah!
Mommy! I'm scared!
Run! Now!
- Help!
- Mommy!
Mama!
Dad!
Daddy!
- Get off of my mama!
- Leave me and my son alone!
Shut up!
Shut the fuck up!
It's okay. baby. Come on. let's go.
Where is he?
Cut him off! Cut him off!
Don't test me. bitch.
You wanna be a hero?
Help me. somebody!
Help me! Help me!
Stay down!
Get off of me!
- I see him!
- Castle!
- There.
- Stairway.
This way.
We're coming for you. Frank!
Castle!
This way...
Come on.
Show yourself. Castle!
- We're coming for you. Frank.
- Come on. you little bitch!
Where the fuck
you think you're goin'?
- Yeah. he's a dead man now!
- Come on.
I see him! I see him!
Right there. Right there.
Get that motherfucker.
Come fight. you fuckin' coward!
He went this way!
He's trapped!
Not too bad. Let's get him!
- There! Right there! Right there!
- Ah. fuck.
Get off of me. Come on!
What are you...
Ah. son of a...
Move!
Frank fucking Castle! Come here!
Get out of my fucking shop.
Fucking motherfucker!
Charli! Get out of my fucking shop!
Charli. baby. stay down!
Get out of my fucking shop.
you motherfucker!
Dad!
Daddy!
It's all right. Charli!
It's okay! Daddy's okay!
Get the hell
out of my shop. you mother...
- Daddy!
Get out of my fucking shop.
you motherfucker!
Charli!
Help my daughter!
- Help my daughter! Please!
- Charli. baby. stay down.
Please help us!
Oh. shit. it's Castle!
Charli. baby. don't look!
Oh. my God.
Baby. Don't look. baby.
don't look! Don't look. please.
Thank you. thank you.
Oh. my God. thank you.
Charli?
- Dre!
- Charli.
Oh. Dre.
- He rescued you.
- Come here. Charli. Baby. come here.
We're okay. You okay?
- It's fine. I swear. It's over.
- You did good.
We're good. We're good. You're okay.
- All right? We're good. We're good.
- Oh. baby. You did good.
Come on.
You can't even stand up. Come on.
No. we're good. What's good. my man?
Are you okay. sweetheart?
You okay. baby?
Wait. wait.
Charli!
- It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
- I'm so glad you're okay.
This is for you.
We gotta get you to the hospital.
- No. no. Charli.
- We gotta get you to hospital.
Come on.
Baby. you okay?
Thank you.
Yeah.
- Easy. girl.
- I'm glad you're okay.
It's okay.
It's all right. We're good now.
You did good. You did good.
Thank you.
I met somebody today.
Reminded me of you.
I think maybe
you were with me today. baby.
Yeah. Maybe you were with me.
Yeah. baby. maybe...
Maybe I'm gonna keep going. huh?
One batch.
two batch. penny and dime.
Papa Bear is a baker.
and so am I.
One batch. two batch. penny and dime...
Yeah. I love you. baby girl.
Till the end of time.
One batch.
two batch. penny and dime...
- Look at you.
- What?
You can't hide it.
It's all over your face.
- What time does the train come in?
- 8:27.
- What gate?
- 32 B.
- Are you gonna pick up...
- I already got two.
- One pecan. the other one is peach.
- Ding-dong.
Already in the fridge.
Yo. Devil Dog. that cover's mine.
Hmm.
Take that off your maggot head.
Have the hat. man.
That's not the only thing he took from me.
Please. I beg you. man.
Don't do it.